Develop a web application that help software architects create software architectures by drafting and working on the architecture diagrams, managing their building blocks using C4 model and boost their performance and efficiency with support of diagram analysis and AI models.

EPIC: website

FEATURE: homepage with general information and feature overview
FEATURE: documentation page with how to guides and tutorials
FEATURE: sandbox page to try out the diagramming feature without signing in



EPIC: account

FEATURE: create and account by signing in via GitHub (potentially Google and other providers in future)
USER STORY: As a user I need to have an account to save progress and have an authorized access to it.

FEATURE: sign in into existing account via GitHub
USER STORY: As a user I need to be able to sign in back into my account to access previous progress.

FEATURE: sign out from account (to be able to sign in with a different one)
USER STORY: As a user I need to be able to sign out from my account for security reasons or to change accounts.

FEATURE: view account information (like username, avatar, full name, etc.)
USER STORY: As a user I need to see some basic account information like avatar and a username to be able to identify with which account I am signed in.



EPIC: dashboard

FEATURE: manage projects (add, remove, rename, share)
USER STORY: As a user I might work on different projects and model different systems, so I need a way to separate those.

FEATURE: share project with users via email
USER STORY: As a user I want to be able to collaborate on a project or share a project to get feedback.

FEATURE: manage settings (like default layout, account type, dark or light theme, etc.)
USER STORY: As a user I need to change personal preferences like light or dark theme.

FEATURE: switch between accounts
USER STORY: As a user I might want to have a personal account and a work account with different emails.

FEATURE: explore architecture references
USER STORY: As a user I need to explore existing architectures for reference.



EPIC: projects

FEATURE: create project
FEATURE: change project name and description (optional)
FEATURE: add a workspace to the project
FEATURE: create a workspace from a selected architecture reference
FEATURE: delete workspace
FEATURE: export workspace to various formats (drawio, structurizr dsl, structurizr json, etc.)
FEATURE: import workspace from various formats (structurizr dsl, json, etc.)
FEATURE: open in workspace viewer / explorer



EPIC: workspaces

FEATURE: add/delete enterprise
FEATURE: add/delete software system
FEATURE: add/delete containers
FEATURE: add/delete components
FEATURE: add deployment environment
FEATURE: change workspace name
FEATURE: change workspace element and relationship styles
FEATURE: publish as public architecture reference



EPIC: workspace viewer

FEATURE: workspace build mode (manage elements, relationships and details with a mouse or touch screen)
FEATURE: workspace explore mode (only zoom, pan and views navigation)
FEATURE: workspace code mode (write code and auto render, with ability to only position elements)
FEATURE: share collaboration link (share in explore or build mode)
FEATURE: pin comment threads on the diagram
		- leave comments
		- reply to comments
		- mark thread as resolved
FEATURE: open workspace code editor
FEATURE: undo/redo user changes
FEATURE: save workspace version
FEATURE: view workspace version history (or change log)
FEATURE: add elements to view from template (software system, container, component, deployment node, etc.)



EPIC: workspace code editor

FEATURE: write code according to Structurizr DSL and get basic syntax highlighting
FEATURE: see active user cursors and changes in real-time
FEATURE: see syntax errors with decriptions, codes and links to documentation



EPIC: architecture references hub

FEATURE: search architecture references by name
FEATURE: filter architecture references using tags
FEATURE: explore existing architecture references via categories (finance, media, secutiry, etc.)
FEATURE: upvote an architecture reference
FEATURE: track changes in the desired architecture reference
FEATURE: comment thread for architecture reference in general



EPIC: NFRs

FEATURE: view architecture NFRs and their metrics
FEATURE: define NFRs for architecture reference / workspace



EPIC: reverse engineering of the architecture

FEATURE: connect to git repository (select git provider, like github, gitlab, etc.)
FEATURE: automaticaly scan codebase and create respective workspace
